b	20	Alternative
ba	40	Alt. Rock
bb	N	Art Rock
bc	90	Avantgarde
be	N	Experimental
bh	6	Grunge
bi	131	Indie
bm	12	Other
bn	139	Crossover
c	N	Books & Spoken
ca	N	Short Stories
cb	57	Comedy
cc	77	Musical
cd	N	Poetry
ce	65	Cabaret
cf	N	Religion
cg	101	Speech
ch	N	Stories/Fairytales
ci	N	Radio Play
cia	N	Literary Radio Play
cib	N	Thriller
e	32	Classical
ea	104	Chamber Music
eaa	105	Sonata
eb	N	Classical General
ec	N	Contemporary
eca	N	Contemp. Crossover
ecb	N	Electronic Classical
ecc	N	Experimental Classical
ecd	N	Minimal Music
ed	24	Soundtrack
ee	33	Instrumental
ef	N	Period Music
efa	N	Baroque
efb	N	Medieval
efc	N	Renaissance
efd	N	Romantic
efda	N	19th Century
eg	N	Solo Instruments
ega	N	Guitar
egb	N	Percussion
egc	N	Piano
eh	106	Symphony
ei	28	Vocal
eia	97	Chorus
eib	N	Ensembles
eic	103	Opera
f	2	Country
fa	N	Alternative Country
fb	89	Bluegrass
fd	N	Country Blues
fe	N	Country General
fg	N	Country and Western
fh	80	Folk
fha	N	Irish Folk
fi	N	Rockabilly
g	98	Easy Listening
gb	N	Lounge
gc	N	Love Songs
gca	116	Ballad
gd	N	Mood Music
ge	10	New Age
gf	N	Soft Rock
gfa	N	Acoustic Rock
gg	N	Schlager
gh	N	Soft Pop
gi	45	Meditative
gj	N	Pair Dance
gja	N	Walz
gjb	N	Tango
h	102	Chanson
ha	N	Singer-Songwriter
hb	65	Children's Music
i	52	Electronic
ia	34	Acid
ib	26	Ambient
ic	N	Breakbeat/Breaks
ica	N	Breakbeat
icb	N	Darkside
icc	63	Jungle
icd	N	Ragga
ice	27	Trip-Hop
id	3	Dance
ie	127	Drum & Bass
if	N	Electronica
ig	N	Envir. Soundscapes
ih	N	Experimental Elect.
iha	N	Minimal Experimental
ihb	39	Noise
ii	37	Sound Clip
ij	35	House
ija	N	Acid House
ijb	N	Funk House
ijc	N	Hard House
ijd	N	Progressive House
ije	124	Euro-House
ijf	128	Club-House
ik	19	Industrial
il	18	Techno
ilb	N	Dub
ild	126	Goa
ile	N	Hardcore Techno
ilf	N	Illbient
ilg	N	Minimal
ilh	25	Euro-Techno
ili	68	Rave
ilj	31	Trance
im	44	Space Music
j	N	Hip Hop/Rap
ja	7	Hip-Hop
jb	15	Rap
jbb	61	Christian Rap
jbd	N	Hardcore Rap
jbf	59	Gangsta
k	N	Blues/R&B
ka	0	Blues
kaa	N	Acoustic Blues
kab	N	Blues Rock
kac	N	Blues Vocalist
kae	N	Electric Blues
kag	N	Jazz Blues
kb	38	Gospel
kc	N	Improvised
kd	14	R&B
ke	42	Soul
kea	N	Sweet Soul
l	8	Jazz
la	73	Acid Punk
lb	85	Bebob
lc	N	Dancefloor Jazz
lf	30	Jazz Fusion
lh	N	Jazz Vocals
lj	N	Ragtime
lk	N	Smooth Jazz
ll	83	Swing
lla	96	Big Band
llb	76	Retro-Swing
lm	N	Cool Jazz
ln	N	Ethno Jazz
lna	N	African Ethno Jazz
lnb	N	Arab Ethno Jazz
lnc	N	Cuban Jazz
lnd	N	Latin Jazz
lne	N	Far East Jazz
lo	N	Modern Jazz
lp	N	New Orleans Brass
m	N	Pop & Rock
ma	N	Country Rock
mb	5	Funk
mba	N	Acid Funk
mc	9	Metal
mcc	22	Death Metal
mcd	N	Doom Metal
mcf	N	Hard Core Metal
mcg	N	Heavy Metal
mck	N	Thrash Metal
md	13	Pop
mda	99	Acoustic
mdb	N	Synthesizer Pop
mdd	N	Latin Pop
mdg	123	A Capella
mdh	N	Neue Deutsche Welle
mdi	4	Disco
mdj	N	Dance Pop
mdja	N	Twist
mdk	N	Doo-Wop
me	43	Punk
mea	121	Hardcore/Punk Rock
meb	71	Lo-Fi/Garage
mec	N	Old School Punk
med	21	Ska
mf	17	Rock
mfb	N	Acid Rock
mfe	81	Folk/Rock
mfg	N	Groove Rock
mfh	N	Guitar Rock
mfha	1	Classic Rock
mfhb	N	Improv Rock
mfhc	47	Instrum. Rock
mfhf	N	Surf Rock
mfj	66	New Wave
mfk	67	Psychadelic
mfl	78	Rock & Roll
mfm	94	Symphonic Rock
mg	N	Rock En Espanol
n	N	World
na	16	Reggae
nb	N	Steel Drums
nc	N	World Popular
nca	N	African Pop
ncb	N	Oriental Pop
ncc	N	Scandinavian Ethnopop
ncd	N	Asian Pop
nce	N	Arabian Pop
ncf	N	European Ethnopop
ncg	N	Latin Pop
nch	N	Caribbean Pop
nd	82	National Folk
nda	N	African
ndaa	N	Mali Blues
ndb	N	Arabic
ndc	N	Asian
ndd	N	Bossa Nova
nde	N	Caribbean
ndf	88	Celtic
ndg	53	Pop-Folk
ndga	N	Jodel
ndh	N	France
ndi	N	Germany
ndj	N	India
ndk	N	Ireland
ndl	86	Latin
ndlb	N	Flamenco
ndlc	N	Mambo
ndld	N	Mariachi
ndle	142	Merengue
ndlg	143	Salsa
ndlh	114	Samba
ndm	64	Native American
ndn	N	Quebecois
ndo	N	Russian
ndp	N	South/Cent. American
ndq	N	Spain
ndr	113	Tango
y	11	Oldies
y2	49	Gothic
y6	23	Pranks
y9	29	Jazz+Funk
y12	46	Instrum. Pop
y14	48	Ethnic
y15	50	Darkwave
y16	51	Techno-Indust.
y18	54	Eurodance
y19	55	Dream
y20	56	Southern Rock
y21	58	Cult
y22	60	Top 40
y23	62	Pop/Funk
y25	69	Showtunes
y26	70	Trailer
y27	72	Tribal
y29	75	Polka
y30	79	Hard Rock
y34	87	Revival
y36	91	Gothic Rock
y37	92	Progress. Rock
y38	93	Psychadel. Rock
y39	95	Slow Rock
y41	100	Humour
y42	107	Booty Bass
y43	108	Primus
y44	109	Porn Groove
y45	111	Slow Jam
y46	112	Club
y47	115	Folklore
y48	117	Power Ballad
y49	118	Rhythmic Soul
y50	119	Freestyle
y51	120	Duet
y52	122	Drum Solo
y55	125	Dance Hall
y58	130	Terror
y59	132	BritPop
y60	133	Negerpunk
y61	134	Polsk Punk
y62	135	Beat
y63	136	Christian Gangsta Rap
y64	138	Black Metal
y65	140	Contemporary Christian
y66	141	Christian Rock
y69	145	Anime
y70	146	Jpop
y71	147	Synthpop
		NULL
